---
layout: page
permalink: /cfp/
title: Call for papers
nav: true
nav_order: 3
---
# Key Dates

* Submission deadline:  **~~April 26th, 2023~~** **May 10th, 2023 (11:59 pm AOE, FINAL EXTENSION)**
* Acceptance notification: **June 5st, 2023**
* Camera ready for accepted submissions: **~~June 15th, 2023~~** **June 20th, 2023**

# Topics

We invite researchers in AI, machine learning, statistics, cognitive sciences and neuroscience to submit their latest work to the IJCAI 2022 workshop on knowledge-based compositional generalization.

The goal of this workshop is to provide a platform for researchers to present their latest work on knowledge-based compositional generalization and to foster discussions on the challenges and opportunities in this area. We invite researchers in AI, machine learning, statistics, cognitive sciences and neuroscience to submit their papers, posters, and demonstrations on any topic related to knowledge-based compositional generalization, including but not limited to:

- Representational learning, Meta-learning, Transfer learning, Reinforcement learning, Self-supervised learning for compositional generalization
- Reasoning, commonsense and knowledge representation for compositional generalization
- Applications of compositional generalization such as foundation models, natural language
  processing, computer vision, and control systems
- Methods to learn compositional representations
- Combining knowledge from multiple sources and modalities
- Relational and causal machine Learning
- Using external knowledge for efficient machine learning
- Symbol grounding and Abstractions
- Neuro-inspired AI
- Neuro-symbolic AI
- Compositionality in reinforcement learning
- Benchmarks for compositional generalization
- Data visualization to study compositionality

We also welcome submissions from researchers working on related topics such as neural program synthesis, program induction, and concept learning.

# Submission Instructions

Submissions should be in the form of a 7-page papers (+2-page references) for proceeding articles or a 2-page abstract for posters/demonstrations, and should be formatted according to the conference’s guidelines (https://www.ijcai.org/authors_kit). Accepted papers will be presented at the workshop and included in a workshop proceeding, unless opted out by the authors.

The review will be double-blind, so please keep your submission(s) anonymous. The accepted papers have the option to be archival (i.e. included in the proceeding) or non-archival (i.e. only hosted in the website). The archival papers should be sufficiently original and not published in another venue or journal. The non-archival papers can be relevant work presented or published in another venue or journal.

All accepted papers and extended abstracts will be presented as posters. The program committee will select a few papers for oral presentation. There will be a poster session during the scheduled coffee breaks to facilitate and spark discussions amongst attendees.

We look forward to your submissions and to seeing you at the workshop. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact the organizing committee.

The submission website is on **[OpenReview](https://openreview.net/group?id=ijcai.org/IJCAI/2023/Workshop/KBCG)**. Camera-ready versions are due by **June 20, 2023**, and will be posted on the workshop website.

# Camera-Ready and Proceeding Instructions

To streamline the publication process, we have implemented a two-step approach for camera-ready publications.

Firstly, all accepted papers are hosted on our website via OpenReview during the conference period. To ensure inclusion in this phase, please revise your papers based on the reviewers' comments, include your author affiliations, and adhere to the IJCAI format. The deadline for uploading this version to OpenReview is **June 20, 2023**.

Secondly, we are publishing the accepted and invited papers in a book in collaboration with Springer Nature as the post-conference proceedings. Please follow the instructions as in the email sent to you.

Please use the Springer LaTeX template for contributed work to prepare your camera-ready version (in the "author" folder within the zip file): (https://resource-cms.springernature.com/springer-cms/rest/v1/content/25980414/data/v2) (Please note: it is different from the Springer proceeding template from Overleaf).

There are no specific page limit for this version, and therefore, we recommend you to revise or extend your paper based on the reviewers' comments, include your author affiliations. Additional guidelines regarding using 3rd party materials: (https://www.springernature.com/gp/policies/editorial-policies/third-party-permissions). We need the following files:

1. All LaTeX-related files to generate the pdf (with main file named "main.tex")
2. PDF file generated by the LaTeX files, named "[LASTNAME_OF_FIRST_AUTHOR]-[TITLE].pdf"
3. Contributor Publishing Agreement form, to be filled and signed only by the corresponding author: (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MIP0kThVwWB2pmJHnWAwXuK7hX2ecJ6Y/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=107267402919475489434&rtpof=true&sd=true)
4. Author Affilation form, to be filled out by all authors): (https://docs.google.com/document/d/16_L-717smW5HLuE8444trx5TK05Uy_0M/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=107267402919475489434&rtpof=true&sd=true)
5. After you prepared your proceeding version, place the latex files and pdf in the same zip file, along with all the forms (items 1-4), named it "[LASTNAME_OF_FIRST_AUTHOR]-[TITLE].zip",  and upload to Google Drive: (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1BMGGiACrYdJdt2FKN4CSN51j1tT34GWi?usp=sharing).
6. Lastly, all author(s) should fill out the Author Information form at this Google Sheet: (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MlZI2gHeQU-UZePcTBzDNFWHEdnAOT5_kTEwgA07KLY/edit?usp=sharing)

The deadline for the proceeding submission is **Oct 25, 2023**.

# Questions?

Contact us at [kbcg.workshop@gmail.com](mailto:kbcg.workshop@gmail.com).
